---
title: floom
summary: We went to dinner at a Nepalese restaurant with Ev's friends.
---

last night was cool; went to a restaurant on crown street, just up and around from central station. because we'd eaten here before we left (my stepdad's oh so de-bloody-licious risotto), we weren't all that hungry, and resigned ourselves to a bowl of an avocado and yoghurt dip and the nepalese version of papadums.

yummy. oh, and orange juice too.

was nice to see all of ev's friends that i knew already, and meet some new ones to boot. well, it was nice to meet most of them (cough).

speaking of ev (you know, that girl that i love much very madly heaps?), she's gone up the coast this weekend to spend time with her parents before we leave. she'll be driving back here monday night with all her stuff boxed up, and tuesday morning the removalists are coming at - get this - 8:30am. whee!

will need to pack up the rest of my shit; the imac, burner, a lamp, a fan, and the few little goodies scattered on my desk. and that's that.

i can almost taste the melbourne air. but as peta said, i'd best be careful not to self combust with excitement.

too late! (floom)

hey shit, it's friday the 13th. doo doo doo doo. i'm working on a little software project, and eating easter eggs that mum was given at work. nummmm.

oh hey, do you people want to see the movies and photos i snap up with my new toy? let me know; i could add new sections for them or something. i've got all these kooky ideas - think real life pixhell.

i write a lot when i've had a lot of coffee (3 cups *so far*)